The current ruler of [[Bosciynia]] following the death of her father, [[King Luten IV]]. She has one son, [[Varen Nyro]], whom she hid from the world due to his Rotharian ancestry. Queen Mirsia has [[Rotharian]] blood within her, and the only surviving child of her parents. Her siblings showed more Rotharian features than human, and thus paid the price. This spurred her creation of the [[Queen's Guard]] shortly after her son's "death" where they would patrol the cities and towns to protect them from the beasts. However, that was the guise of it. Their real goal was to capture unsuspecting magic users for to prepare for her future siege. 

Her reign was strict and near-tyrannical. She was known to use the fear her subjects had towards both [[Beasts]] and [[Magic]] to her advantage and kept them in line. It was said that the birth of her son was when she solidified her desire to build her army of secret magic users, known as the [[Veiled Shadows]], and conquer the world of [[Ory’nara]] just beyond the [[Rifts]]. 

Mirsia's ancestral heritage allowed her to also be able to use magic and would frequently venture through the rift in the passageways below the palace to practice at the behest of her father. It was during this time in her studies that she learned much of the world Ory'nara and the history and became obsessed with Ory'narian folktale known as [[Velrythai et a Nomgenia]]. She would then the remainder of her childhood and the rest of her adult life until the death of her father venturing between the two realms in search of the “One World Beast” that the folklore talks about. Her breakthrough came at the discovery of ancient books from Ory’nara, found in a secluded monument near the base of a mountain. She stole the texts from their place in the monument and brought them back to the human realm only for them to be stolen from her. 

After years of searching with the help of her Queen’s Guard and the Veiled Shadows, only one book remained. Its location was deep in the desert town of (insert name here). This is where Mirsia enlisted in the help of known conwoman, [[Pietra]] and her assistant [[Kisu]], to organize an operation to retrieve it. This would lead to the involvement of [[Edrin Shahra]], who did not know what the book was goin got be used for and did not know that it was due to the Queen’s behest, would go and retrieve it. 

Once the book was retrieved, her plan was in full force. More and more magic users were brought into the Veiled Shadows and added to her secret army while her own Queen’s Guard began their training beyond the rifts as well. Though their presence and her strong arm was prevalent in the cities of Bosciynia still. Her time was spent more in Ory’nara than in the human realm as she watched the armies grow until she believed it was time for their first attack. 

With her own background in military strategy and subsequent training, her first operation was on the small towns outside of the Ory’nara capital of [[Threywall]] to build encircle the capital and cut it off from the main roads. 

It was during the battles to conquer the capital that the [[Ory’Nara’s Resistance]] became a prevalent thorn in her side, and when the tides turned against her she pulled back her forces to bring forth the [[Primordial Beast]] through the ways the ancient texts said to. She was able to merge her mind with the Primordial Beast and control it, and the beasts, in Ory'nara and in the human realm. Thus began the [[Siege of Bosciynia]]. 

She conquest was ended when [[Ryker Auberon]] severed the connection between her and the beast and killing her in the process. There was no funeral or public mourning for her was buried in an unmarked grave on the grounds of the palace and her son would soon be crowned King. 